all right my movie addicts family let's start with
our shout out to our supporters and subscribers in
our youtube channel so shout out to ksis thank
you for your support to our channel so if you
want to be shout out here in our feature video
just super scrub and comment on our video uploads
now back to our featured video we will do a recap
on action thriller sci-fi year 2021 movie titled
godzilla vs gong this is a big movie as in really
big titanic big so i am very excited to bring it
to you and friends don't forget to click the like
button subscribed and hit the bell icon to get
notified for our every upload here in our channel
and now let's begin with the movie warning heavy
spoilers ahead the film open seems to be on skull
island the great ape kong awakens and gathers his
food on the island before making a spear from a
tree kong developed a bond with a girl named jia
a deaf girl from the aiwee tribe whose family
was killed by a tidal wave kong then throws the
spear and it hits the wall of a dome that is using
skull island as a setting kong is being studied by
monarch scientist dr eileen andrews eileen's aide
thinks kong should be let go from the facility
but she worries that him being out in the
open will lead godzilla to go after them
as there cannot be two alphas gia is looked after
by eileen it has been five years since godzilla
battled king ghidorah and established himself
as the king of the titans a former apex employee
bernie hayes runs a podcast titan truth podcast
discussing his theories on whatever kind of secret
work the company is behind a new company called
apex cybernetics led by walter simmons has stepped
in to help rebuild society following all the
destruction as bernie tries to gain entrance into
the facility it comes under attack by godzilla
who lays ways to the place seemingly unprovoked
after burning half the place down bernie notices
what looks like a core reactor hidden underground
madison russell sees news of godzilla's rampage
leading to everyone thinking he is not as heroic
as he once seemed she listens to bernie's
podcast regularly and overhears him saying how
the pensacola facility is responsible for whatever
is going on with godzilla she goes to tell her dad
mark who is now working closer with monarch
madison doesn't think godzilla is naturally
destructive but mark thinks the godzilla has given
in to these monstrous tendencies at the denim
university in philadelphia walter visits former
monarch scientist dr nathan lind he approaches
nathan over his hollow earth theory as they
have detected an energy signal from a potential
ecosystem in hollow earth he introduced ren
sarazawa walter wants the life force from there
to fight against godzilla nathan's brother was
lost in a mission traveling toward this location
walter shows him a vehicle that can get him and a
crew down there safely nathan goes to find eileen
his former colleague to convince her to use
kong to help locate the hollow earth source she
is reluctant to do so knowing that godzilla and
kong's ancestors once fought against each other
in a great war and may repeat history but she
gives in kong is then brought on board a convoy
ship and the crew is joined by walter's daughter
maya to oversee that the operation goes according
to plan while sailing in the pouring rain gia goes
outside to find kong roaring in distress eileen
runs out and learns from gia that kong is able
to understand and communicate in sign language
and she knows that he doesn't trust that the crew
has his best interests at heart madison gets her
friend josh to go with her to find bernie they
get a tip from a guy at the nearby convenience
store and locate his apartment bernie only talks
to them when he realizes who madison's mother was
he discusses his conspiracy theory with madison
and josh she thinks that apex did something to
provoke godzilla into attacking bernie tells them
about a large stash of cargo that has made its way
to apex as well as the tech he noticed earlier
the crew feeds kong fish while eileen asks gia
why she didn't tell her that kong can communicate
and jia says the kong didn't want them to know
not long after godzilla makes his way toward the
convoy the navy tries to fight back but due to
little no damage at all to godzilla within a swoop
of godzilla's tail a lot of ship was cut into half
kong tries to free himself but godzilla crashed
into them and causing the ship to turn over while
underwater godzilla is approaching kong for the
kill but nathan helped and released the locks
kong is freed from his bonds and goes after the
giant lizard godzilla and kong come close face
to face and fight vigorously kong manages to get
a couple of good hits in and knock godzilla back
into the ocean but big g fires his blue flame
toward the sky causing him to take the advantage
and pull kong underwater with his tail nearly
drowning him the crew releases depth charges to
disorient godzilla and free kong but the ape is
wiped out nathan tells the convoy's captain to
kill the power to make godzilla think he's
one so that he can leave they do so and it
works and godzilla leave the convoy bernie joins
madison and josh to the rundown pensacola facility
but when they access the bunker they find that
the core is gone the three then find an elevator
that takes them underground they come across a
chamber containing pods filled with skull crawlers
but before they can get out the chamber is
picked up and being transported to hong kong
kong is airlifted to antarctica to avoid godzilla
gia convinces kang to go through a tunnel where
he has picked up the energy source as it may lead
to his home kong leads the crew toward the tunnel
which takes them through a portal where
gravity is inverted there they find hollow
earth home to many other titans khan encounters
winged monsters who attack him in the crew
but he grabs hold of them and smashes one into the
dirt another tries to strangle and suffocate him
but nathan's ship fires at the creature and gives
kung room to tear it apart and even eat from its
skull the trio ends up at the hong kong apex
facility and discovers what walter and ran have
really been working on the superior to godzilla
that will put an end to humanity's titan problem
the mechagodzilla walter tests its power on an
unlucky skull crawler which the trio witnesses
godzilla felt the power of maca godzilla and turns
towards hong kong to find it the crew travels
deeper into hollow earth and comes across the home
of kong's ancestors he picks up an axe made from
a spike off the back of godzilla's ancestors and
he finds his family's throne room and sits upon
it like a true king the trio also discover a room
with the skull of ghidorah they saw that ren is
controlling mechagodzilla using a scenic uplink
connected with one of the skulls of ghidorah the
axe activates the energy source in the ground on
the surface godzilla has entered hong kong making
the people run in chaos on every corner godzilla
then finds the source leading to hollow earth he
breathes down it and sends a blast making a large
hole to the ground maya then sends out apex spider
drones to take out a sample of the source for her
father to exploit despite protests from nathan and
eileen mayu commands his crew to hold up guns on
eileen when kong sees this he got angry from up
above bad creatures descend and attack kong and
the crew and kong fights them off in the chaos
mayu and her team try to shoot kong down only for
him to grab their craft and crush it in his paw
kong takes his axe out and he then jumps through
the portal with nathan eileen and gia following
in their craft while in hong kong the trio are
then caught and apprehended by the apex guards
then begins round two with godzilla they trash the
city and demolish skyscrapers but kong comes back
with a fury by bringing down the axon godzilla it
was a furious and long fight and both our match
his blue flame doesn't affect the axe and in fact
charges it with the blue energy so kong manages to
bring godzilla down hard with one swing the
trio are brought to walter who is planning
to set mechagodzilla onto the real godzilla to
establish humanity's dominance over the creatures
however godzilla gets himself back up and another
long fight again then godzilla able to bring kong
down again with his foot he roars in kong's face
but kong remains defiant and roars right back at
him godzilla spares him and starts walking away
unfortunately at the station where mca godzilla is
a failure occurred just as ren begins the uplink
to mechagodzilla ghidorah's consciousness takes
control mechagodzilla swings its clawed walter
killing him while ren is electrocuted from the
override the metal beast rises to the surface and
goes after godzilla beginning to overpower him
with its strength and stronger heat blast godzilla
was no match and took the beating meanwhile when
jia senses kong's heartbeat slowing down nathan
uses the apex vehicle to deliver a charge powerful
enough to revive kong when he wakes up jia
tells kong that godzilla is not the enemy he
understands and charges to fight mechagodzilla
before it can deliver the fatal blow to godzilla
and godzilla joins the fight realizing kong is
on his side they both fight the robot with all
their might it was a long fight and kong was
almost killed godzilla charges kong's axe with
his blue fire breath and the mighty age starts
chopping mechagodzilla's limbs off before ripping
its head off and showing it off as a trophy
in the aftermath madison reunites with mark
and he meets bernie who wants to have him on the
podcast to discuss more apex and monarch cover-ups
godzilla then rises and looks at kong
who drops his axe to signify their truce
the titans look at each other as worthy opponents
before godzilla goes back into the ocean
nathan and eileen set up a new research facility
in hollow earth which kong has made his new home
he continues his friendship with jia and goes
about the land where he is now once again the king
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us
grow click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next videos you